Signing back in (#69)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/apply-for-teacher-training/2020-02-21-sign-in.md

---
title: Signing back into the service
description: Making it easier to return to your application.
date: 2020-02-17
---
We received feedback from candidates that the process of signing back in isn’t clear or straightforward. This is partly because the link to sign in is easy to miss on the start page.

Investigating further, we discovered that we often make the assumptions that a user does not already have an account.

## User needs

**As a candidate**
I need to sign back into my account
So that I can complete my application.

**As a candidate**
I need to sign back into my account
So that I can track the progress of my application.

## Hypotheses

* If we add a sign in link to the header
  Then this option will be more visible.

>   This was missing from the build, but tested well when in the prototype. This only address this issue while the landing page is not hosted by GOV.UK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This was missing from the build, but tested well when in the prototype. This link will need to be removed when the start page is hosted on GOV.UK.
```
